---
title: Support for video advertising
weight: 25
---

※ Currently video advertisements can only be used by limited partners

* [Components provided in the video advertising SDK](#infeed/video/feature)
* [Video advertisement judgment](#infeed/video/judge)
* [Used with video advertising Delegate method](#infeed/video/delegate)
* [Acquiring video advertisements](#infeed/video/init)
* [Playback preparation complete](#infeed/video/readytoplay)
* [Playing videos](#infeed/video/play)
* [Setting the cache](#infeed/video/cache)


<a name="infeed/video/feature"></a>
### Components provided with the video advertisement SDK
`RFPPlayerControl`: this is the UI view displaying the video player. This provides a function to control the video. Insert any UIView as a Subview.

<a name="infeed/video/judge"></a>
### Judgment of video advertisement
In the case of a video advertisement, `[RFPInstreamInfoModel isVideo]` is returned as `true`. This can be used to judge whether it is a video advertisement or not.

<a name="infeed/video/delegate"></a>
### Delegate method used with video advertisements
There are two RFPInstreamAdLoaderDelegate methods used with video advertising.

`viewControllerForPresentingModalView`: Return the calling source ViewController. This is compulsory when playing back video advertisements.

`readyToPlayWithPlayerControl:(RFPPlayerControl *)playerControl`:called when playback preparation is complete. Note that this is not played back even if `[playerControl play]` is executed before preparations are complete.

<a name="infeed/video/init"></a>
### Acquiring video advertisements
`RFPInstreamAdLoader getVideoControlWithFrame:Can use the infoModel:` to acquire `RFPPlayerControl`.

#### Specifying viewControllerForPresentingModalView
In the case of Video playback, be sure to specify viewControllerForPresentingModalView` in `RFPInstreamAdLoaderDelegate.

This is necessary when switching the video to Fullscreen.

For the return value, specify the calling source UIViewController.

```objc
- (void)rfpInstreamAdLoaderDidFinishLoadingAdWithReturn:(RFPInstreamAdLoader *)instreamAdLoader
instreamInfoModels:(NSArray *)instreamInfoModels {

    for (RFPInstreamInfoModel *info in instreamInfoModels) {
        if ([info isVideo]) {
// Acquiring RFPPlayerControl
RFPPlayerControl *playerControl = [instreamAdLoader getVideoControlWithFrame:self.containerView.bounds
infoModel:info];
// Do not set other than playerUiView
[[self.containerView subviews] makeObjectsPerformSelector:@selector(removeFromSuperview)];
[self.containerView addSubview:playerControl];
        }
    }
}

// ※ Mandatory in case of video advertisement playback
- (UIViewController *)viewControllerForPresentingModalView {
    return self;
}
```

<a name="infeed/video/readytoplay"></a>
### Playback preparation complete

When playback preparation is complete, `RFPInstreamAdLoaderDelegate readyToPlayWithPlayerContol:` is called.

The initial state of the player is a paused state.

```objc
- (void) readyToPlayWithPlayerControl:(RFPPlayerControl *)playerControl {
    // Playback
    [playerControl play];
    // Pause
    [playerControl pause];
}
```

<a name="infeed/video/play"></a>
### Playing the video
Start playback using `[RFPPlayerControl play]`.

It is possible to pause using `[RFPPlayerControl pause]`.

```objc
    // Playback
    [playerControl play];
    // Pause
    [playerControl pause];
```

<a name="infeed/video/cache"></a>
### Cache settings

(**Can be used on v2.5.0 or later, iOS10 or later**)

In the RFP, video advertisements are cached to a certain extent in the internal storage of the terminal (HLS download storage), and this reduces communication volume and improves the video advertisement playback response.

The setting values recommended by the RFP are used for the cache capacity. This value can be changed from the app side.

When changing the cache capacity, use the `rfpSetVideoCacheSize:` to set the cache capacity.

```objc
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{
    long long size = [RFP rfpGetVideoCacheSize]; // Acquire current setting value

    // ※Be sure to set the rfpSetVideoCacheSize before rfpInitMedia
    [RFP rfpSetVideoCacheSize:50];  //Set the video cache to 50 MB.
    [RFP rfpSetVideoCacheSize:0];   //Disable the video cache

    [RFP rfpInitMedia:@"your_media_id"];

    // ...
}
```

#### Points to note when setting the cache

*In iOS11 or later, the cached video advertisements are displayed with the name”`video_ad_cache_rfp`” under ‘[Settings]’>’[General]’>`[iPhone storage]`>`{each app name}`. This cached file can be deleted at any time by the user.
* The cache is cleared at the time `rfpInitMedia:` is called. For this reason, the cache capacity temporarily set in `rfpSetVideoCacheSize:` may be exceeded.

